all right we're back with another repair
this fridge is not getting cold
first we noticed it in the refrigerator
side the milk wasn't tasting right
seemed kind of warm the ice cube trays
weren't freezing and the ice cream was
soft this is a GE and there's a model
number right there and we already know
the problem here so hopefully this is
going to help you if you have the same
problem so we took these two screws out
on the top you can take this panel out
and that's going to show you these coils
here now if this is all one big block of
ice which this was then you know you're
going to have the same problem that we
did down here is a heating element and
that helps defrost the ice now this can
turn to a block of ice for by a couple
reasons if you have a break in the seal
here let's say you close the freezer and
there was some wrapper or something or
you left it open like a little bit of a
gap not fully closed the air flow can
cause this to freeze up and the fridge
can have a hard time and just makes it
one big block of ice and what happens is
the air can't flow around and it just
gets worse and worse and so the
refrigerator side won't work either
anyway so we took a blow dryer and
melted this all down you're going to
need to put some towels down here as
well and there's a couple ways you can
tell if to check your heating element
I'll show you one in the back
this fridge had a bad heating element so
in the back of your fridge let me pull
this out and get the you're going to
need a voltmeter that will test
continuity
so I can set mine here to test
resistance for continuity so let me go
down to there so if I put these together
where is it sorry about that bad camera
work you can tell it if it's making a
connection so right back here if you
undo this panel on the back you can
unplug here and unplug here you just
wiggle this one down and it'll come off
will this one back that way and you're
going to put one lead doesn't matter
which one in there okay that's the
middle one right here and then the other
one on this orange wire wherever you can
make sure you have connection with the
metal and if you hear a beeping noise
it's good if not then it's probably a
bad eating element so let me show you
the heating element and how to test that
all right here we already took it off
but there's a screw here the screw here
you undo that and then it's going to be
attached with these wires the blue one
on this side you wiggle it out the pink
one on this side and you wiggle that out
then you bend this well you don't have
to if it's good but if it's bad you're
going to need to take it out by bending
these little tabs and slowing this up
but because it's hard to do one-handed
holding the camera I'm not going to do
that so this element is a real it's a
real simple piece so again we have this
set there to test continuity meaning to
test if there's a connection so if I
connect these wires you
the bead so if I put this one in here
and this one touch in the middle there
you hear nothing so that means this
there's a break in the wire here now
what's inside here is just like you can
kind of see coiling around in there it's
just like a light bulb or a you know
like a toaster that you know when you
push it down it gets red hot well if
there's a break in there
you're not going to see it get red-hot
this is the same thing this gets real
hot and it melts to self defrost all the
ice so anyway that's it so we had to get
a new one of these which was actually I
think a tea box from a local guy but you
probably find a cheaper online and
here's the part number of this one G
seven one six two where's that a zero
let's look at this side there's no
g71 Oh - there you go
and put it in and you're good to go
anyway I hope that's helped you guys if
you have any questions let me know and
hopefully get your fridge running up
back up and run real quick anyway I have
an awesome day